Updates to chloroplast assembly tutorial (#2290)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/assembly/tutorials/chloroplast-assembly/tutorial.md

![assembly graph](../../images/sweet-potato-assembly-graph.png "Assembly graph of the nanopore reads, for the sweet potato chloroplast genome. In your image, some of the labels may be truncated; this is a known bug under investigation.")

> *Note: a newer version of the Flye assembly tool now resolves this assembly into a single circle.*

Reviewer: Could you update the tool ID in the flye step to reflect this?

Author: Yes - will change to (toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/bgruening/flye/flye/2.6+galaxy0) - so version 2.6, and do you think that's correct with the extra "+galaxy0" part? That's what appears in the tool panel.

Reviewer: Yep, that is right.

> *Optional further steps:*
> * Repeat the Flye assembly with different parameters, and/or a filtered read set.
> * You can also try repeating the Flye assembly with an earlier version of the tool, to see the difference it makes. In the tool panel for Flye, click on the 'Versions' button at the top to change.
> * Try an alternative assembly tool, such as Canu or Unicycler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ### {% icon comment %} Further Learning
> * Repeat the Flye assembly with different parameters, and/or a filtered read set.
> * You can also try repeating the Flye assembly with an earlier version of the tool, to see the difference it makes. In the tool panel for Flye, click on the 'Versions' button at the top to change.
> * Try an alternative assembly tool, such as Canu or Unicycler.
{: .comment} 
```

> ### {% icon hands_on %} Hands-on: Annotate with Prokka
>
> 1. {% tool [Prokka](toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/crs4/prokka/prokka/1.14.5+galaxy0) %} with the following parameters (leave everything else unchanged)
>    - {% icon param-file %} *"contigs to annotate"*: `polished-assembly.fasta`
> 2. **View output**:
>    * The GFF and GBK files contain all of the information about the features annotated (in different formats.)
>    * The .txt file contains a summary of the number of features annotated.
>    * The .faa file contains the protein sequences of the genes annotated.
>    * The .ffn file contains the nucleotide sequences of the genes annotated.
{: .hands_on}

Alternatively, you might want to use a web-based tool designed for chloroplast genomes. 

* One option is the GeSeq tool, described here. Skip this step if you have already used Prokka above. 

> ### {% icon hands_on %} Hands-on: Annotate with GeSeq
> * Download `polished-assembly.fasta` to your computer (click on the file in your history; then click on the disk icon).

> > * In a new broswer tab, go to [Chlorobox](https://chlorobox.mpimp-golm.mpg.de/geseq.html) where we will use the GeSeq tool {% cite Tillich_2017 %} to annotate our sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * In a new broswer tab, go to [Chlorobox](https://chlorobox.mpimp-golm.mpg.de/geseq.html) where we will use the GeSeq tool ({% cite Tillich_2017 %}) to annotate our sequence.
```

> * Upload the `fasta` file there. Information about how to use the tool is available on the page.
> * Once the annotation is completed, download the required files.
> * In Galaxy, import the annotation `GFF3` file.
{: .hands_on}

Now make a JBrowse file to view the annotations (the GFF3 file - produced from either Prokka or GeSeq) under the assembly (the polished-assembly.fasta file).

> ### {% icon hands_on %} Hands-on: View annotations
> 1. {% tool [JBrowse genome browser](toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/iuc/jbrowse/jbrowse/1.16.4+galaxy3) %}:

> >        - *"Reference genome to display"*: `Use a genome from history`

Reviewer: the indentation here looks a bit odd? Should this be with fewer spaces? And "select a reference" below indented below this element

Author: Thanks for spotting this! will fix
